README.md, before:

![logo](src/assets/logo.png)

# QtLean

A Qt interface and build system for QuantConnect's Lean (WIP).

Pictures
--------

- Main UI

  ![ui](images/mainui.png)


- Configuration editor
  
  ![config](images/config.png)

Current Features
-----------------

1. JSON TreeView editor.
2. Automatic Mono + Python setup.

TODO
----

1. Add charting.

Dependencies
------------

- Python 3.6
- Mono
- Nuget
- QT 6

Building
--------
The project can be built by running:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make

```


If you run into issues, note that one can execute `make {OPTION}` for any of the following options:

````
... all (the default if no target is provided)
... clean
... depend
... edit_cache
... rebuild_cache
... copy_config_files
... qtlean_autogen
... qtlean
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.o
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.i
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.s
... src/QJsonModel.o
... src/QJsonModel.i
... src/QJsonModel.s
... src/TreeEditor.o
... src/TreeEditor.i
... src/TreeEditor.s
... src/main.o
... src/main.i
... src/main.s
````

Usage
-----
From your build directory, enter the Lean subdirectory and execute

```shell
../QtLean
```

If QtLean is installed, it can be called from any Lean directory by executing:

```shell
QtLean
```

Although do note that Python may need to be manually configured if the Lean directory is not the one generated by CMake.
To use the configured Lean directory elsewhere, simply execute `cp -r your/path/to/qtlean/build/Lean dest/dir`

Installation
------------
After building, run the `install_user.sh` script in the build directory. Note that you will likely need to run this as a
super user.

Commit message:

Makes program portable
- can be called from anywhere to any Lean directory via directory selector.
- no reliance on links for operation.
- allows user-specified install prefixes

README.md, after:

![logo](src/assets/logo.png)

# QtLean

A Qt interface and build system for QuantConnect's Lean (WIP).

Pictures
--------

- Main UI

  ![ui](images/mainui.png)


- Configuration editor
  
  ![config](images/config.png)

Current Features
-----------------

1. JSON TreeView editor.
2. Automatic Mono + Python setup.

TODO
----

1. Add charting.

Dependencies
------------

- Python 3.6
- Mono
- Nuget
- QT 6

Building and Installing
-----------------------
The project can be built by running:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make # or `make install` if installing

```


If you run into issues, note that one can execute `make {OPTION}` for any of the following options:

````
... all (the default if no target is provided)
... clean
... depend
... edit_cache
... rebuild_cache
... copy_config_files
... qtlean_autogen
... qtlean
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.o
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.i
... qtlean_autogen/mocs_compilation.s
... src/QJsonModel.o
... src/QJsonModel.i
... src/QJsonModel.s
... src/TreeEditor.o
... src/TreeEditor.i
... src/TreeEditor.s
... src/main.o
... src/main.i
... src/main.s
````

Usage
-----
From your build directory, enter the Lean subdirectory and execute

```shell
../QtLean
```

If QtLean is installed, it can be called from any Lean directory by executing:

```shell
QtLean
```

Although do note that Python may need to be manually configured if the Lean directory is not the one generated by CMake.

Python Config Errors
--------------------

**If your Python is unable to be configured via CMake, run the following in your Lean root directory and then build the
Lean solution with mono:**
[py_configure.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aarjaneiro/Lean/0c7fc24c316fbc6e05ff0d2ec07863c1d7a491e1/py_configure.sh)
